Use `pytest` before `make test` in dev docs (#1947)
unitaryfund/mitiq: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Making changes

### Adding tests

When modifying and/or adding new code it is important to ensure the changes are covered by tests.
Test thoroughly, but not excessively.
Mitiq uses a nested structure for packaging tests in directories named `tests` at the same level of each module.
The only exception to this is that any tests requiring a QVM should be placed in the `mitiq_pyquil/tests` folder.

### Running tests

After making changes, ensure your changes pass all the existing tests (and any new tests you've added).
Use `pytest mitiq/$MODULE` to run the tests for the module you are working on.
Once they pass, you can run the entire test suite (excluding those that require the pyQuil QVM) by running the following command.

```bash
make test
```

> This can often be slow, however, so testing your changes iteravely using `pytest` is often faster when doing development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can often be slow, however, so testing your changes iteratively using `pytest` is often faster when doing development. Inside the Mitiq repository, navigate to the `tests` folder of interest (`cd mitiq/mitiq/some_module/tests`).  

If there are multiple test files in this folder & you want to run all the tests, `(path to some tests folder) pytest` will do the job. But if you want to run the tests in only one specific file `(path to some tests folder) pytest test_some_feature.py` will work. 
```

Author: I think this is explained on lines 42/43. Do you think we need this as well?
